[docs]: add missing alt texts. (#662)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/code-reviews.md

from the [previous chapter](/docs/pull-requests/), where we created a pull request (PR). In the role
of a reviewer you open this PR on GitHub. Once again, Gitpod allows you to follow the GitHub flow.

![Github Pull Request Page](images/cr-GitHub-pr.png)

Just like the creator of the PR, you can start a Gitpod workspace by prefixing the URL or using the
`Gitpod` button provided by the [Gitpod browser extension](/docs/browser-extension/). Gitpod spawns a
workspace and the IDE loads in the browser.

> ![Gitpod Workspace of the Pull Request](images/cr-gitpod-started.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Gitpod Workspace started from a Pull Request](images/cr-gitpod-started.png)
```
